so a couple of good strategies to have the right presents for your team
the few examples right I think for me which works best is being approachable
being able to relate setting an example and not sweating
the small stuff you know because that can easily get in the way of the
bigger goal a bigger mission so if you're able to be approachable
kind of you know set that example as well as not sweating the small
stuff then folks are going to kind of look at you and and want to be
able to come to you and ask you for help and know that what you're
giving them is is honest feedback and that you know what you're giving
them is honesty